Minimum and maximum on the lower, upper, and usual Dedekind real numbers (#1335)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/maximum-rational-numbers.lagda.md

# Maximum on the rational numbers

```agda
module elementary-number-theory.maximum-rational-numbers where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.decidable-total-order-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.inequality-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.strict-inequality-rational-numbers

open import foundation.coproduct-types
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.transport-along-identifications

open import order-theory.decidable-total-orders
```

</details>

## Idea

> We define the operation of maximum
> ([least upper bound](order-theory.least-upper-bounds-posets.md)) for the
> [rational numbers](elementary-number-theory.rational-numbers.md).

Reviewer: Perhaps this idea section could be structured a little better? E.g.

```suggestion
The {{#concept "maximum" Disambiguation="of two rational numbers" Agda=max-ℚ}} of two [rational numbers](elementary-number-theory.rational-numbers.md) is the [greatest](elementary-number-theory.inequality-rational-numbers.md) rational number of the two. This is the [binary least upper bound](order-theory.least-upper-bounds-posets.md) in the [total order of rational numbers](elementary-number-theory.decidable-total-order-rational-numbers.md).
```
